# Supervisor Meeting 7
Date: 2024-03-25
Time: 08:58

## Missing Attendees
- None

## Agenda
- **Objective**
    - The objective is to present the current progress and access the proposed solutions.
- **Can we talk exam plan? Daniel is going to Peru in June, and it would be nice to plan when the project exam is, so he doesn't have to miss it.**
    - Lead: Daniel
- **Can you read and comment on introduction and related works, is there something missing and is it clear what we are trying to do? **
    - Lead: Sebastian
    - Preparation: Read section I introduction and II related works of the paper.
- **Is the direction that we are progressing with the proofs and the theory correct?**
    - Lead: Oliver
- **Does there exist any proofs for some of these theorems already or do you know some solid ways of proving  some of the not yet proven theorems?**
    - Lead: Oliver
    - Preparation: Read section V theory of the paper.
- **The theory section at this point is just a collection of notes, when reading it does any questions arise?**
    - Lead: Casper
    - Preparation: Read section V theory of the paper.


## Meeting notes
Exam date: We just forked... We will probably have the exam on 2024-06-26.

Gabriela's notes on Introduction: Be more clear and add more sources.

Gabriela: Maybe spend more time on the introduction **later**. Gabriela is unconvinced by what we're writing, and suggests we write something else for now.

Regarding the proofs: It is not clear what you want to prove, and if they are easy, you should just reference proofs. Only prove what you actually need to prove.
We should probably condense the proofs more, because the current presentation is unconvincing, and it is unclear what we even want to prove, or why.

Additional supervisor might be an option for details on some of the theory.
Rene is the last teacher of sMV, and we believe he has material on abstract interpretation.

Gabriela: You may want to reorganize the usage of your proof package.

Closing notes: Gabriela doesn't want us to focus too much on her comments.

Next meeting 2024-04-08.

## Action items
*These action items should be written on the GitHub project board*

##### Group
- [x] Send invite to next meeting
- [ ] Mail Rene and ask what his topic for sMV is. If it is abstract interpretation, also ask if we could have some of the material already for our project.

##### Supervisor
- [ ]  Contact censor about exam date