2024-02-21 09:00

## Agenda

- **Objective Statement**
    - The objective is to find an initial single problem statement.
- **Review tasks from last meeting** (10 minutes)
    - Lead: Casper
    - Preparation: Read the summary from last meeting.
- **What problem statement (if any) should we move forward with, and should any modification be made?** (30 minutes)
    - Lead: Daniel
    - Preparation: Read the problem statements at the end of this document
- **What tasks should be done before next meeting** (10 minutes)
- **Any Other Business** (5 minutes)

## Problem statements

1. When defining a database, the structure of the database has a huge impact on the queries. Changes to the schema mean changing the queries, which is an overhead we do not like! 
2. In the same vein that DevOps makes it simpler for developers to deal with operated environments, a 'DomainBase' role may make it simpler for domain experts to deal with creating databases. 
3. Can we combine various database artifacts to more accurately and unambiguously describe the database.

As a possible solution stated as problem statement :
Can we define an abstract database language, that describes some problem domain unambiguously, but maps the description to multiple equivalent sql schemas? Can we leverage the fact that the description maps to multiple schemas to dynamically switch between them.
- Equivalent how? Content equivalence is too weak.

## Summary of Last meeting
Date: 2024-02-12
Time: 11:30

### Agenda

- Introduction
- Discuss supervisor contract
- Discuss project proposal

### Action items

*These action items should be written on the GitHub project board*
- [x] Skim papers that Gabriels proposed
- [x] Update supervisor contract
- [x] Update group contract
- [ ] Invite Gabriela to GitHub (Repository and Project)
- [x] Send invite to next meeting
- [x] Write some draft problem statements for Gabriela